OCPBUGS#969: Add coreos-installer command (#57344)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machine-user-infra-machines-iso.adoc

** Burn the ISO image to a disk and boot it directly.
** Use ISO redirection with a LOM interface.

> . Boot the {op-system} ISO image without specifying any options or interrupting the live boot sequence. Wait for the installer to boot into a shell prompt in the {op-system} live environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Boot the {op-system} ISO image without specifying any options, or interrupting the live boot sequence. Wait for the installer to boot into a shell prompt in the {op-system} live environment.
```

+
[NOTE]
====

> It is possible to interrupt the {op-system} installation boot process to add kernel arguments. However, for this ISO procedure you should use the `coreos-installer` command as outlined in the following steps, instead of adding kernel arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to interrupt the {op-system} installation boot process to add kernel arguments. However, for this ISO procedure you must use the `coreos-installer` command as outlined in the following steps, instead of adding kernel arguments.
```

Author: Done

> It is possible to interrupt the {op-system} installation boot process to add kernel arguments. However, for this ISO procedure you should use the `coreos-installer` command as outlined in the following steps, instead of adding kernel arguments.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, upto you.
```suggestion
You can interrupt the {op-system} installation boot process to add kernel arguments. However, for this ISO procedure you should use the `coreos-installer` command as outlined in the following steps, instead of adding kernel arguments.
```

<2> The `--ignition-hash` option is required when the Ignition config file is obtained through an HTTP URL to validate the authenticity of the Ignition config file on the cluster node. `<digest>` is the Ignition config file SHA512 digest obtained in a preceding step.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you want to provide your Ignition config files through an HTTPS server that uses TLS, you can add the internal certificate authority (CA) to the system trust store before running `coreos-installer`.
====
+
The following example initializes a bootstrap node installation to the `/dev/sda` device. The Ignition config file for the bootstrap node is obtained from an HTTP web server with the IP address 192.168.1.2:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo coreos-installer install --ignition-url=http://192.168.1.2:80/installation_directory/bootstrap.ign /dev/sda --ignition-hash=sha512-a5a2d43879223273c9b60af66b44202a1d1248fc01cf156c46d4a79f552b6bad47bc8cc78ddf0116e80c59d2ea9e32ba53bc807afbca581aa059311def2c3e3b
----

. Monitor the progress of the {op-system} installation on the console of the machine.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Be sure that the installation is successful on each node before commencing with the {product-title} installation. Observing the installation process can also help to determine the cause of {op-system} installation issues that might arise.

Reviewer: Does `Be sure` mean `Ensure` here? If yes, ensure is a better word.

Author: Done
